README.md, before:

# DNA Dog Matching

## Description

This project aims to use bioinformatics tools to identify a dog by its STR's pattern from two different biological samples: saliva and droppings, respectively. To accomplish this, we are going to build a web application to handle the actions assigned to each user role.

This would be an example of a whole [workflow](/00-project-proposal/requirements/workflow.pdf):

1. Veterinarian registers a new Dog with chip number, owner's DNI and saliva sample into a Kit.
2. Bioinformatics Technician sequences the DNA from the saliva sample, getting the fasta file and the STR's pattern.
3. Street Agent takes a sample of a dog's droppings found in street, introduces the sample into the Kit, and registers the Incident into the app, storing the location, a photo as evidence and the Kit's barcode number.
4. Bioinformatics Technician sequences the DNA from the droppings sample, getting the fasta file and the STR's pattern, which will reveal if it matches with some existing saliva sample. This method allows us to uniquely identify a certain dog. If there is no match, a new "Suspected non-registered Dog" log is automatically stored in our database.
5. A Police Officer validates the evidences: photo + location + STR's matching patterns. If everything is considered as correct, a new InfractionProposal is generated and sent to Town Administration, which will proceed with the corresponding monetary fine to the dog's owner.

The friendly codename, as well as the domain name, of this project is "ocikitos", which in Spanish means little snout (animal nose).

## Documentation

#### Mockups
- [Mockups](/00-project-proposal/mockups/description.md)
- [Mockups PDF](/00-project-proposal/mockups/mockups.pdf)

#### Requirements
- [Functional Requirements](/00-project-proposal/requirements/functional-requirements.md)
- [Non-Functional Requirements](/00-project-proposal/requirements/non-functional-requirements.md)

#### Project Proposal
- [Official Project File (.odt)](/00-project-proposal/project.odt)

## About this Project

#### Developed by
- Alejandro Asensio <alejandro.asensio.10@gmail.com>
- Óscar Burgos <mihifidem@gmail.com>

#### Module
- M12 Project

#### Degree
- Cicle formatiu de grau superior (CFGS) Desenvolupament d'Aplicacions Web - perfil professional Bioinformàtica (DAW-BIO) (cicle LOE)
> <https://www.proven.cat/intraweb/index.php/els-estudis/36-familia-professional-dinformatica-i-comunicacions/334-cfgs-desenvolupament-d-aplicacions-web-perfil-professional-bioinformatica>

#### Center of Studies
- IES Provençana
> https://www.proven.cat

Commit message:

Added: use case diagram, use case specifications and project planning

README.md, after:

# STR Matching for Dog Identification

## Description

This project aims to use bioinformatics tools to identify a dog by its STR pattern from two different biological samples: saliva and droppings, respectively. To accomplish this, we are going to build a web application to handle the actions assigned to each user role.

This would be an example of a whole [workflow](/00-project-proposal/requirements/workflow.pdf):

1. Veterinarian registers a new Dog with chip number, owner's DNI and saliva sample into a Kit.
2. Bioinformatics Technician sequences the DNA from the saliva sample, getting the fasta file and the STR pattern.
3. Street Agent takes a sample of a dog's droppings found in street, introduces the sample into the Kit, and registers the Incident into the app, storing the location, a photo as evidence and the Kit's barcode number.
4. Bioinformatics Technician sequences the DNA from the droppings sample, getting the fasta file and the STR pattern, which will reveal if it matches with some existing saliva sample. This method allows us to uniquely identify a certain dog. If there is no match, a new "Suspected non-registered Dog" log is automatically stored in our database.
5. A Police Officer validates the evidences: photo + location + STR matching patterns. If everything is considered as correct, a new InfractionProposal is generated and sent to Town Administration, which will proceed with the corresponding monetary fine to the dog's owner.

To take a deeper idea of this project, see the [Use Case diagram](/01-delivery1/use-case-diagram.png) and its [technical specification](/01-delivery1/use-case-specification.odt).

The friendly codename, as well as the domain name, of this project is "ocikitos", which in Spanish means little snout (animal nose).

## Documentation

#### Mockups
- [Mockups](/00-project-proposal/mockups/description.md)
- [Mockups PDF](/00-project-proposal/mockups/mockups.pdf)

#### Requirements
- [Functional Requirements](/00-project-proposal/requirements/functional-requirements.md)
- [Non-Functional Requirements](/00-project-proposal/requirements/non-functional-requirements.md)

#### Project Proposal
- [Official Project File (.odt)](/00-project-proposal/project.odt)

## About this Project

#### Developed by
- Alejandro Asensio <alejandro.asensio.10@gmail.com>
- Óscar Burgos <mihifidem@gmail.com>

#### Module
- M12 Project

#### Degree
- Cicle formatiu de grau superior (CFGS) Desenvolupament d'Aplicacions Web - perfil professional Bioinformàtica (DAW-BIO) (cicle LOE)
> <https://www.proven.cat/intraweb/index.php/els-estudis/36-familia-professional-dinformatica-i-comunicacions/334-cfgs-desenvolupament-d-aplicacions-web-perfil-professional-bioinformatica>

#### Center of Studies
- IES Provençana
> https://www.proven.cat
